aboutme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Outside of Work and School
---

## Astronomy on Tap, ATX

I help organize [Astronomy on Tap ATX](https://www.aotatx.org/), a monthly free public event presenting astronomy talks in a bar. Here are my talks from December 2017 and July 2019:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ufrcnPitL6A" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/edwb7A2U_Ic" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I also presented the "Astronomy in the News" section during AoT ATX [#43](https://youtu.be/xYzXdMva7AI), [#45](https://youtu.be/XgIGDIKunBk), [#56](https://youtu.be/KIva_gwkyBg), and became an official cohost starting at show #75.

## Interviews

Quoted in an article in Popular Science about titled [How ‘safe mode’ protects space telescopes like Hubble and TESS](https://www.popsci.com/science/safe-mode-space-telescope/).

UT Austin Giving [profile](https://giving.utexas.edu/starstruck/)

UT Austin College of Natural Sciences [Nexus Point](https://cns.utexas.edu/news/research/nexus-point-samuel-factor) video interview about the first images from JWST:

<iframe title="vimeo-player" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/731181633?h=69bea7b7f9" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0"    allowfullscreen></iframe>

Interview with [The Wesleyan Connection](http://newsletter.blogs.wesleyan.edu/2015/05/19/samfactor/)

## Astrophotography

I also dabble in astrophotography. Below are a few pictures I took. (More to come, including pictures of the 2017 solar eclipse from Grand Teton National Park!)

The Orion Nebula from Mauna Kea VIS, HI (Nikon D5200 300mm f/6.3 59x2sec ISO:6400)
![ASTOri](../assets/img/Stack.jpg "The Orion Nebula")

A movie of some (not that great) startrails I made at McDonald observatory.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bkblBwqDpl8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

A time-lapse I took at the Star and Planet formation in the South West 2 (SPF2) Conference at the Biosphere 2 in Arizona. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nysr5P2TP5k?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I caught the International Space Station transiting the sun just north of Austin, TX on the morning of November 4, 2018.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aX6UcuRWHxI" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Rowing

Rowing plays an important role in my life. I have been rowing since 2006, currently with a crew at [Austin Rowin Club](https://austinrowing.org/) where I also coach once a week. In High School, at Camp Randall Rowing Club, and in college, at Wesleyan University, I rowed competitively. In my Junior and Senior year of college I sat stroke seat of the 2nd Varsity 8+ at the New England Rowing Championships where we finished 3rd both years. Also in my senior year I sat 2 seat of our 1st varsity 8+ at the Head of the Charles Regatta and finished 5th in the Collegiate 8+ event. In high school I traveled to US Rowing Youth National championships 3 years in a row to compete in the light weight 4+ event. My junior year we finished 4th in the nation. 

Head of the Colorado (PumpkinHead), 2021, Mixed Masters 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![PumpkinHead](../assets/img/pumpkinhead8.jpg "PumpkinHead 2021 Mixed Masters 8+")
New England Rowing Championships, 2014, JV 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![NERC](../assets/img/NERC.jpg "New England Rowing Championships 2015 JV 8+")
Head of the Charles, 2013, Collegiate 8+ (2 Seat)
![HOCR](../assets/img/HOCR.png "Head of the Charles 2014 Collegiate 8+")

## SCUBA
I am a PADI certified open water SCUBA diver with dry suit experience (28 dives, 20 hours). Two of the most amazing experiences in my life were a night dive with manta rays in Kona, Hawaii and diving between the European and American plates in Silfra, Iceland.
![Mantas](../assets/img/mantas.jpg "Night dive with manta rays")
![Silfra](../assets/img/silfra.jpg "Diving in-between tectonic plates in Silfra, Iceland")

Commit message:

Update aboutme.md with aerospace interview

aboutme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Outside of Work and School
---

## Astronomy on Tap, ATX

I help organize [Astronomy on Tap ATX](https://www.aotatx.org/), a monthly free public event presenting astronomy talks in a bar. Here are my talks from December 2017 and July 2019:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ufrcnPitL6A" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/edwb7A2U_Ic" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I also presented the "Astronomy in the News" section during AoT ATX [#43](https://youtu.be/xYzXdMva7AI), [#45](https://youtu.be/XgIGDIKunBk), [#56](https://youtu.be/KIva_gwkyBg), and became an official cohost starting at show #75.

## Interviews

Interviewed for The Aerospace Corporation's Space Policy Show as part of their "How Stuff Works" series. This episode was on Resiliant Skies, discussing the intersection of astronomy, satellites, and dark and quiet skies.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dy-mYEKdqsw?si=4L-F4gQAk6PooKEr" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Quoted in an article in Popular Science about titled [How ‘safe mode’ protects space telescopes like Hubble and TESS](https://www.popsci.com/science/safe-mode-space-telescope/).

UT Austin Giving [profile](https://giving.utexas.edu/starstruck/)

UT Austin College of Natural Sciences [Nexus Point](https://cns.utexas.edu/news/research/nexus-point-samuel-factor) video interview about the first images from JWST:

<iframe title="vimeo-player" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/731181633?h=69bea7b7f9" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0"    allowfullscreen></iframe>

Interview with [The Wesleyan Connection](http://newsletter.blogs.wesleyan.edu/2015/05/19/samfactor/)

## Astrophotography

I also dabble in astrophotography. Below are a few pictures I took. (More to come, including pictures of the 2017 solar eclipse from Grand Teton National Park!)

The Orion Nebula from Mauna Kea VIS, HI (Nikon D5200 300mm f/6.3 59x2sec ISO:6400)
![ASTOri](../assets/img/Stack.jpg "The Orion Nebula")

A movie of some (not that great) startrails I made at McDonald observatory.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bkblBwqDpl8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

A time-lapse I took at the Star and Planet formation in the South West 2 (SPF2) Conference at the Biosphere 2 in Arizona. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nysr5P2TP5k?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I caught the International Space Station transiting the sun just north of Austin, TX on the morning of November 4, 2018.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aX6UcuRWHxI" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Rowing

Rowing plays an important role in my life. I have been rowing since 2006, currently with a crew at [Austin Rowin Club](https://austinrowing.org/) where I also coach once a week. In High School, at Camp Randall Rowing Club, and in college, at Wesleyan University, I rowed competitively. In my Junior and Senior year of college I sat stroke seat of the 2nd Varsity 8+ at the New England Rowing Championships where we finished 3rd both years. Also in my senior year I sat 2 seat of our 1st varsity 8+ at the Head of the Charles Regatta and finished 5th in the Collegiate 8+ event. In high school I traveled to US Rowing Youth National championships 3 years in a row to compete in the light weight 4+ event. My junior year we finished 4th in the nation. 

Head of the Colorado (PumpkinHead), 2021, Mixed Masters 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![PumpkinHead](../assets/img/pumpkinhead8.jpg "PumpkinHead 2021 Mixed Masters 8+")
New England Rowing Championships, 2014, JV 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![NERC](../assets/img/NERC.jpg "New England Rowing Championships 2015 JV 8+")
Head of the Charles, 2013, Collegiate 8+ (2 Seat)
![HOCR](../assets/img/HOCR.png "Head of the Charles 2014 Collegiate 8+")

## SCUBA
I am a PADI certified open water SCUBA diver with dry suit experience (28 dives, 20 hours). Two of the most amazing experiences in my life were a night dive with manta rays in Kona, Hawaii and diving between the European and American plates in Silfra, Iceland.
![Mantas](../assets/img/mantas.jpg "Night dive with manta rays")
![Silfra](../assets/img/silfra.jpg "Diving in-between tectonic plates in Silfra, Iceland")
