index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Samuel Factor"
subtitle: "PhD Student, The University of Texas at Austin"
bigimg:
  - "/img/big-imgs/heic0917aasc.jpg" : "The Orion ''Proplyds'' , Credit: NASA/ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/heic0917absc.jpg" : "Orion, Credit: NASA/ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/alma-starry-night.jpg" : "ALMA, Credit: ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/hltau.jpg" : "HL Tau, Credit: ALMA"
  - "/img/big-imgs/SMA.jpg" : "SMA, Credit: CfA"
---

I am a 1st year graduate student in the Astronomy department at the University of Texas at Austin. I work with Professor Adam Kraus on direct imaging of extrasolar planets. I recieved my B.A. in physics and computer science from Wesleyan University in 2014 and my M.A. in astronomy in 2015 as part of Wesleyan's 5 year combined BA/MA program. 

For more information on my research intrest and experience, see my [research](/research) page. For a list of my publications, presentations and my full CV, see my [publications](/publications) page. 
<!-- My [blog](/posts) has my ramblings on random cool science tidbits or coding projects. -->
If you want to learn more about me, outside of science, checkout my [about me](/aboutme) page.

Commit message:

tweek blog posts and landing page

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Samuel Factor"
subtitle: "Astronomy PhD Student, The University of Texas at Austin"
bigimg:
  - "/img/big-imgs/heic0917aasc.jpg" : "The Orion ''Proplyds'' , Credit: NASA/ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/heic0917absc.jpg" : "Orion, Credit: NASA/ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/alma-starry-night.jpg" : "ALMA, Credit: ESO"
  - "/img/big-imgs/hltau.jpg" : "HL Tau, Credit: ALMA"
  - "/img/big-imgs/SMA.jpg" : "SMA, Credit: CfA"
---

I am a 1st year graduate student in the Astronomy department at the University of Texas at Austin. I work with Professor Adam Kraus on direct imaging of extrasolar planets. I recieved my B.A. in physics and computer science from Wesleyan University in 2014 and my M.A. in astronomy in 2015 as part of Wesleyan's 5 year combined BA/MA program. 

For more information on my research intrest and experience, see my [research](/research) page. For a list of my publications, presentations and my full CV, see my [publications](/publications) page. 
My [blog](/blog) has my ramblings on random cool science tidbits or coding projects.
If you want to learn more about me, outside of science, checkout my [about me](/aboutme) page.
