publications.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications 
subtitle:
---
{% include mathjs %}

My industry resume can be found [here](/assets/pubs/resume.pdf) while my accademic CV can be found [here](/assets/pubs/CV.pdf).

My peer reviewed publications and presentations are listed below. For more information see my publications on [ADS](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/public-libraries/qPvFlClMRy6j1c9XXvvrLw) or [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Z2CCopsAAAAJ&hl=en).

I was a staff writer for astrobites.org, you can find my paper summaries [here](https://astrobites.org/author/sfactor/).

Check out my answers on [askanastronomer.org](http://askanastronomer.org/byauthor/?author=Sam+Factor).

## Publications
I have been an anonymous referee for The Astrophysical Journal.

1. **S. Factor** & A. Kraus, 2023, *The Astronomical Journal*, 165, 130 "[NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry II: Demographics of Nearby Brown Dwarfs](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023AJ....165..130F)" 
1. **S. Factor** & A. Kraus, 2022, *The Astronomical Journal*, 164, 244 "[NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry I: Catalogue of Brown Dwarfs Observed in F110W and F170M](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022AJ....164..244F)"
1. **S. Factor**, A. M. Hughes, K. Flaherty et al., 2017, *The Astronomical Journal*, 153, 233 "[ALMA Observations of Asymmetric Molecular Gas Emission from a Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AJ....153..233F)"
1. S. Petrus et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 43 of 121 authors), (submitted to ApJ Letters), "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems V: Do Self-Consistent Atmospheric Models Represent JWST Spectra? A Showcase With VHS 1256 b](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023arXiv231203852P)"
1. S. Sallum et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 9 of 123 authors), 2024, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 963, L2, "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems IV: NIRISS Aperture Masking Interferometry Performance and Lessons Learned](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2024ApJ...963L...2S)"
1. S. Ray et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 12 of 123 authors), (submitted to ApJ Letters), "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems III: Aperture Masking Interferometric Observations of the star HIP 65426 at 3.8μm](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023arXiv231011508R)"
1. A. Carter et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 79 of 111 authors), 2023, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 951, L20 "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems I: High Contrast Imaging of the Exoplanet HIP 65426 b from 2-16 μm](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023ApJ...951L..20C)"
1. B. Miles et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 80 of 111 authors), 2023, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 946, L6 "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems II: A 1 to 20 Micron Spectrum of the Planetary-Mass Companion VHS 1256-1257 b](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023ApJ...946L...6M)"
1. S. Hinkley et al. (including **S. Factor**, 46 of 89 authors), 2022, *Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific*,134, 09500, "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for the Direct Imaging & Spectroscopy of Exoplanetary Systems](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022PASP..134i5003H)" 
1. A. W. Mann et al. (including **S. Factor**, 10 of 14 authors), 2019, *The Astrophysical Journal*, 871, 63, "[How to Constrain Your M Dwarf. II. The Mass–Luminosity–Metallicity Relation from 0.075 to 0.70 Solar Masses](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2019ApJ...871...63M)" 
1. J. M. Lee, **S. Factor**, Z. Lin, I. Vitebskiy, F. Ellis, T. Kottos, "[Reconfigurable directional lasing modes in cavities with generalized $$\mathcal{P}\tilde{\mathcal{T}}$$ Symmetry](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PhRvL.112y3902L)," *Phys. Rev. Lett.*, vol 112, p. 253902, Jun 2014
1. M. Chitsazi, **S. Factor**, J. Schindler, H. Ramezani, F. M. Ellis and T. Kottos, "[Experimental observation of lasing shutdown via asymmetric gain](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PhRvA..89d3842C)," *Phys. Rev. A*, vol. 89, p. 043842, Apr 2014
1. N. Bender, **S. Factor**, J. D. Bodyfelt, H. Ramezani, D. N. Christodulides, F. M Ellis, and T. Kottos, "[Observation of asymmetric transport in structures with active nonlinearities](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2013PhRvL.110w4101B)," *Phys. Rev. Lett.*, vol. 110, p. 234101, June 2013

## Posters and Presentations
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Detection of Close in Companions: Binary Demographics of Brown Dwarfs from Birth to Maturity (talk number 432.04D, [abstract](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2024AAS...24343204F)), *243rd Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2024, New Orleans, LA
1. HST Kernel-Phase Interferometry: Binary Brown Dwarf Demographics from Birth to Maturity ([poster](/assets/pubs/GMTposter.pdf)), *Exoplanets: Asmospheres to Architectures, 9th Annual GMT Community Science Meeting*, September 2023, Washington, DC
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Detection of Close in Companions: Binary Demographics of Brown Dwarfs from Birth to Maturity ([talk](https://youtu.be/8vgoTbuspWs)), *Ph.D. Defense*, July 2023, Austin, TX
1. HST Kernel-Phase Interferometry: Field-Age Brown Dwarf Population Demographics ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS21Poster.pdf)), *21st Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, July 2022, Toulouse, France 
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics (invited talk), *CfA Stars & Planets Seminar*, December 2021, Center for Astrophysics, Cambridge, MA
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics (invited talk), *Stars and Planets Lunch And Talks (SPLAT)*, November 2021, Institute for Astronomy, Manoa, HI
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics ([talk](https://youtu.be/7FZBRkYd4WM)), *[Virtual Masking Hackathon](https://sites.google.com/uci.edu/virtualmaskinghackathon/home)*, June 2021, Virtual
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS20p5Poster.pdf)), *20.5th Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, March 2021, Virtual 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/ESSIVPoster.pdf)), *Extreme Solar Systems IV*, August 2019, Reykjavik, Iceland 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS20Poster.pdf)), *20th Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, August 2018, Boston, MA
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/SPF2Poster.pdf)), *Star and Planet Formation in the Southwest*, March 2018, Oracle, AZ
1. Are we alone? Finding and characterizing planets around other stars (invited talk), *McDonald Observatory Board of Visitors Recruiting Event*, February 2018, Houstion, TX
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/AASPoster.pdf) number 118.03, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AAS...23011803F)), *230th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, June 2017, Austin, TX
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/AASPoster.pdf) number 146.25, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AAS...22914625F)), *229th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2017, Grapevine, TX
1. Why git is awesome and why we should all be using it ([slides](/assets/pubs/git_GSPS_11-04-16.pdf)), [*UT Austin Graduate Student Postdoc Seminar*](https://ottostruve.github.io/gsps/), November 2016, Austin, TX 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/SSWposter.pdf)), [*Sagan Exoplanet Summer Workshop*](http://nexsci.caltech.edu/workshop/2016), July 2016, Pasadena, CA
1. ALMA Observations of Molecular Gas Emission from a Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula Cluster ([poster](/assets/pubs/WesPoster2.pdf)), *Frank N. Bash Symposium*, October 2015, Austin, TX
1. Characterizing a Young Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula Cluster ([poster](/assets/pubs/WesPoster.pdf) number 349.06, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015AAS...22534906F)), *225th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2015, Seattle, WA

Commit message:

update text of links to resume and cv

publications.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications 
subtitle:
---
{% include mathjs %}

Here are links to my industry [resume](/assets/pubs/resume.pdf) and my accademic [CV](/assets/pubs/CV.pdf).

My peer reviewed publications and presentations are listed below. For more information see my publications on [ADS](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/public-libraries/qPvFlClMRy6j1c9XXvvrLw) or [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=Z2CCopsAAAAJ&hl=en).

I was a staff writer for astrobites.org, you can find my paper summaries [here](https://astrobites.org/author/sfactor/). You can also see my answers on [askanastronomer.org](http://askanastronomer.org/byauthor/?author=Sam+Factor).

## Publications
I have been an anonymous referee for The Astrophysical Journal.

1. **S. Factor** & A. Kraus, 2023, *The Astronomical Journal*, 165, 130 "[NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry II: Demographics of Nearby Brown Dwarfs](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023AJ....165..130F)" 
1. **S. Factor** & A. Kraus, 2022, *The Astronomical Journal*, 164, 244 "[NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry I: Catalogue of Brown Dwarfs Observed in F110W and F170M](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022AJ....164..244F)"
1. **S. Factor**, A. M. Hughes, K. Flaherty et al., 2017, *The Astronomical Journal*, 153, 233 "[ALMA Observations of Asymmetric Molecular Gas Emission from a Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AJ....153..233F)"
1. S. Petrus et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 43 of 121 authors), (submitted to ApJ Letters), "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems V: Do Self-Consistent Atmospheric Models Represent JWST Spectra? A Showcase With VHS 1256 b](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023arXiv231203852P)"
1. S. Sallum et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 9 of 123 authors), 2024, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 963, L2, "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems IV: NIRISS Aperture Masking Interferometry Performance and Lessons Learned](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2024ApJ...963L...2S)"
1. S. Ray et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 12 of 123 authors), (submitted to ApJ Letters), "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems III: Aperture Masking Interferometric Observations of the star HIP 65426 at 3.8μm](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023arXiv231011508R)"
1. A. Carter et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 79 of 111 authors), 2023, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 951, L20 "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems I: High Contrast Imaging of the Exoplanet HIP 65426 b from 2-16 μm](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023ApJ...951L..20C)"
1. B. Miles et al. (incl. **S. Factor**, 80 of 111 authors), 2023, *The Astrophysical Journal Letters*, 946, L6 "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for Direct Observations of Exoplanetary Systems II: A 1 to 20 Micron Spectrum of the Planetary-Mass Companion VHS 1256-1257 b](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023ApJ...946L...6M)"
1. S. Hinkley et al. (including **S. Factor**, 46 of 89 authors), 2022, *Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific*,134, 09500, "[The JWST Early Release Science Program for the Direct Imaging & Spectroscopy of Exoplanetary Systems](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022PASP..134i5003H)" 
1. A. W. Mann et al. (including **S. Factor**, 10 of 14 authors), 2019, *The Astrophysical Journal*, 871, 63, "[How to Constrain Your M Dwarf. II. The Mass–Luminosity–Metallicity Relation from 0.075 to 0.70 Solar Masses](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2019ApJ...871...63M)" 
1. J. M. Lee, **S. Factor**, Z. Lin, I. Vitebskiy, F. Ellis, T. Kottos, "[Reconfigurable directional lasing modes in cavities with generalized $$\mathcal{P}\tilde{\mathcal{T}}$$ Symmetry](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PhRvL.112y3902L)," *Phys. Rev. Lett.*, vol 112, p. 253902, Jun 2014
1. M. Chitsazi, **S. Factor**, J. Schindler, H. Ramezani, F. M. Ellis and T. Kottos, "[Experimental observation of lasing shutdown via asymmetric gain](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PhRvA..89d3842C)," *Phys. Rev. A*, vol. 89, p. 043842, Apr 2014
1. N. Bender, **S. Factor**, J. D. Bodyfelt, H. Ramezani, D. N. Christodulides, F. M Ellis, and T. Kottos, "[Observation of asymmetric transport in structures with active nonlinearities](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2013PhRvL.110w4101B)," *Phys. Rev. Lett.*, vol. 110, p. 234101, June 2013

## Posters and Presentations
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Detection of Close in Companions: Binary Demographics of Brown Dwarfs from Birth to Maturity (talk number 432.04D, [abstract](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2024AAS...24343204F)), *243rd Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2024, New Orleans, LA
1. HST Kernel-Phase Interferometry: Binary Brown Dwarf Demographics from Birth to Maturity ([poster](/assets/pubs/GMTposter.pdf)), *Exoplanets: Asmospheres to Architectures, 9th Annual GMT Community Science Meeting*, September 2023, Washington, DC
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Detection of Close in Companions: Binary Demographics of Brown Dwarfs from Birth to Maturity ([talk](https://youtu.be/8vgoTbuspWs)), *Ph.D. Defense*, July 2023, Austin, TX
1. HST Kernel-Phase Interferometry: Field-Age Brown Dwarf Population Demographics ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS21Poster.pdf)), *21st Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, July 2022, Toulouse, France 
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics (invited talk), *CfA Stars & Planets Seminar*, December 2021, Center for Astrophysics, Cambridge, MA
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics (invited talk), *Stars and Planets Lunch And Talks (SPLAT)*, November 2021, Institute for Astronomy, Manoa, HI
1. A NICMOS Kernel-Phase Interferometry Survey of Brown-Dwarf Binary Demographics ([talk](https://youtu.be/7FZBRkYd4WM)), *[Virtual Masking Hackathon](https://sites.google.com/uci.edu/virtualmaskinghackathon/home)*, June 2021, Virtual
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS20p5Poster.pdf)), *20.5th Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, March 2021, Virtual 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/ESSIVPoster.pdf)), *Extreme Solar Systems IV*, August 2019, Reykjavik, Iceland 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/CS20Poster.pdf)), *20th Cambridge Workshops of Cool Stars, Stellar Systems and the Sun*, August 2018, Boston, MA
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/SPF2Poster.pdf)), *Star and Planet Formation in the Southwest*, March 2018, Oracle, AZ
1. Are we alone? Finding and characterizing planets around other stars (invited talk), *McDonald Observatory Board of Visitors Recruiting Event*, February 2018, Houstion, TX
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/AASPoster.pdf) number 118.03, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AAS...23011803F)), *230th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, June 2017, Austin, TX
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/AASPoster.pdf) number 146.25, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017AAS...22914625F)), *229th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2017, Grapevine, TX
1. Why git is awesome and why we should all be using it ([slides](/assets/pubs/git_GSPS_11-04-16.pdf)), [*UT Austin Graduate Student Postdoc Seminar*](https://ottostruve.github.io/gsps/), November 2016, Austin, TX 
1. Kernel-Phase Interferometry for Super-Resolution Detection of Faint Companions ([poster](/assets/pubs/SSWposter.pdf)), [*Sagan Exoplanet Summer Workshop*](http://nexsci.caltech.edu/workshop/2016), July 2016, Pasadena, CA
1. ALMA Observations of Molecular Gas Emission from a Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula Cluster ([poster](/assets/pubs/WesPoster2.pdf)), *Frank N. Bash Symposium*, October 2015, Austin, TX
1. Characterizing a Young Protoplanetary Disk in the Orion Nebula Cluster ([poster](/assets/pubs/WesPoster.pdf) number 349.06, [abstract](http://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015AAS...22534906F)), *225th Meeting of the American Astronomical Society*, January 2015, Seattle, WA
