aboutme/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Outside of School
---

Check out an interview I did with the Wesleyan Newsletter [here](http://newsletter.blogs.wesleyan.edu/2015/05/19/samfactor/).

I enjoy hiking and camping in what little free time I have. I also dabble in astrophotography. Below are a few pictures I took. (More to come, including pictures of the recent solar eclipse from Grand Teton National Park!)

The Orion Nebula from Mauna Kea VIS, HI (Nikon D5200 300mm f/6.3 59x2sec ISO:6400)
![ASTOri](../img/Stack.jpg "The Orion Nebula")

A movie of some (not that great) startrails I made at McDonald observatory
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bkblBwqDpl8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Rowing

In High School, at Camp Randall Rowing Club, and in college, at Wesleyan University, I rowed competitively. In my Junior and Senior year of college I sat stroke seat of the 2nd Varsity 8+ at the New England Rowing Championships where we finished 3rd both years. Also in my senior year I sat 2 seat of our 1st varsity 8+ at the Head of the Charles Regatta and finished 5th in the Collegiate 8+ event. In high school I traveled to US Rowing Youth National championships 3 years in a row to compete in the light weight 4+ event. My junior year we finished 4th in the nation. 

New England Rowing Championships, 2015, JV 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![NERC](../img/NERC.jpg "New England Rowing Championships 2015 JV 8+")
Head of the Charles, 2014, Collegiate 8+ (2 Seat)
![HOCR](../img/HOCR.png "Head of the Charles 2014 Collegiate 8+")

Commit message:

update cv, add AoT talk to aboutme

aboutme/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Outside of School
---

Check out an interview I did with the Wesleyan Newsletter [here](http://newsletter.blogs.wesleyan.edu/2015/05/19/samfactor/).

I help organize Astronomy on Tap ATX, a monthly free public event presenting astronomy talks in a bar. Here is my talk from December 2017:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ufrcnPitL6A" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I enjoy hiking and camping in what little free time I have. I also dabble in astrophotography. Below are a few pictures I took. (More to come, including pictures of the recent solar eclipse from Grand Teton National Park!)

The Orion Nebula from Mauna Kea VIS, HI (Nikon D5200 300mm f/6.3 59x2sec ISO:6400)
![ASTOri](../img/Stack.jpg "The Orion Nebula")

A movie of some (not that great) startrails I made at McDonald observatory
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bkblBwqDpl8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Rowing

In High School, at Camp Randall Rowing Club, and in college, at Wesleyan University, I rowed competitively. In my Junior and Senior year of college I sat stroke seat of the 2nd Varsity 8+ at the New England Rowing Championships where we finished 3rd both years. Also in my senior year I sat 2 seat of our 1st varsity 8+ at the Head of the Charles Regatta and finished 5th in the Collegiate 8+ event. In high school I traveled to US Rowing Youth National championships 3 years in a row to compete in the light weight 4+ event. My junior year we finished 4th in the nation. 

New England Rowing Championships, 2015, JV 8+ (Stroke Seat)
![NERC](../img/NERC.jpg "New England Rowing Championships 2015 JV 8+")
Head of the Charles, 2014, Collegiate 8+ (2 Seat)
![HOCR](../img/HOCR.png "Head of the Charles 2014 Collegiate 8+")
